Question1:- What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

Answer:- When we initialize a repository by typing git init command then a empty git repository/directory is made in the folder where we are on the time of making it. We need to track the versions of all our files, so we need it.

Question2:- How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

Answer:- Staging area is an intermediate area uses by git. In staging area we can add files and that files are tracked by the Git and, which can not be tracked by Git when the files are in working directory.By adding files in staging area it is not meant that files are commited or files are added to the Git repository, it means that files are ready to be commited.In staging area we can add files one at a time and then we will commit the whole thing in the staging area to make commit small and logical.Commit bundles all thing as one commit or one logical change.

Question3:-How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

Answer:- In staging area, we can add as much files as we are willing to add, one at a time. And then commit them. Commit make a bundle of all changes as one logical change. For example if we have multiple files in our working directory and we want to modify them and then commit them then first we modify those files and add them one bye one to staging area by typing git add <filename> command and then commit them using git commit -m "with approripate message" , then commit takes all changes in the files as one change.

Question4:-What are some situations when branches would be helpul in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Answer:- When we want to work on different types of features or want to fix bug all at the same time then we use branch. We make branches through typing git branch experimental_feature, git branch css_feature, git branch easy_made. And go through all branches by typing git checkout <branch-name> and make changes and then commit. So branches helps us to do more work at the same time. Collaborate with people by giving them each branch to work with.

Question5:- How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Answer:- Diagram illusturates all the commits of each branch from the most recent commit to its parent commit upto to the commit which have no parents.